CLOUD-2179: Describe how to monitor disk space usage on Flexibility (#1519)
akeneo/pim-docs: cloud_edition/flexibility_mode/docs/disk_usage.rst

Impact of Disk Usage on the PIM
-------------------------------

When the disk is full, the PIM cannot work anymore: it cannot save modifications in database, upload new assets, ...

It can even prevent ElasticSearch from updating its indexes, resulting in desynchronization with the database.
To avoid those issues, ensuring a healthy disk usage is necessary.

Check Disk Space Usage
----------------------

The following command can help you to check the disk space usage expressed both
in GB and as a percentage:

.. code-block:: bash

    echo "Report disk space usage for my instance"

>     df -h --type ext4
>       Filesystem      Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
>       /dev/sdb        147G  106G   34G  76% /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    df -h /data
Filesystem      Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
/dev/sdb        344G  133G  196G  41% /data

```

> As explained in the previous paragraph, the disk mounted on "/" must not be

Reviewer 2: Not only the '/'
on flex 8.x the data disk is /data

Reviewer: I agree with Seb, as the disk space's user has bought is mounted on `/data` it would be simpler to monitor with only this one in the command.

> full.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
full.

Please notice that difference between `df` command and your purchased disk space is related to the metadata storage usage.
```

Impact of Disk Usage on the PIM
-------------------------------

When the disk is full, the PIM cannot work anymore: it cannot save modifications in database, upload new assets, ...

It can even prevent ElasticSearch from updating its indexes, resulting in desynchronization with the database.
To avoid those issues, ensuring a healthy disk usage is necessary.

Check Disk Space Usage
----------------------

The following command can help you to check the disk space usage expressed both
in GB and as a percentage:

.. code-block:: bash

    echo "Report disk space usage for my instance"
    df -h /data
      Filesystem      Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
      /dev/sdb        344G  133G  196G  41% /data

As explained in the previous paragraph, the disk mounted on "/data" must not be
full.

> Please notice that difference between `df` command and your purchased disk space is related to the metadata storage usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please notice that size difference between `df` command and your purchased disk space is caused by the metadata storage usage.
```
